hello this is pressure Locker in this
video I'm going to show you how the
photomap smartphone app can solve many
math problems we're going to take a look
at sample questions from the New York
state test eighth grade Common Core math
exam these are questions they released
in August of 2014 which are sample
questions of what you'd see in a common
core exam question 1 which number is
equivalent to 3 raised to the power 4
divided by 3 raised to the power of 2
we're going to solve this problem using
the fotomat smartphone app on our phone
we've loaded it and now what we do is we
simply hover over the expression and it
tells us the answer instantly which is 9
this is pretty cool let's do another
example of the question determine the
product 800 point 5 times 2 times 10 to
the power of 6
well once again get out the smartphone
photo math app now the expression is a
little bit narrow so we can swipe to
change the window we now put the window
over the expression and it instantly
tells us the answer is 1.0 6 1 times 10
to the power of 9 so our answer is d
this is pretty cool but you could
probably solve those problems on a
regular calculator let's take a look at
another problem what is the solution to
the system of equations below 3x plus 4y
equals -2 2x minus 4y equals minus 8
will swipe to get the window to be about
the right size of the rectangle for the
equations we'll hover over the system of
equations and instantly it will tell us
the answer is y equals 1 and x equals -2
and we know the answer is d let's try
one more problem solve the equation
below 0.4 times the quantity 2x plus 1/2
equals 3 times the quantity 0.2 X plus
minus 2 minus 4 not only do we have to
solve it but we have to show our work
we'll get out the window on the
smartphone photo math app we'll hover
over the expression and it tells us the
answer is equal to minus 51 but we need
to show our work no worries we click on
the answer and photo math gives you the
step by step derivation for how you get
x equals negative 51
so although the smartphone photo app
will solve many problems I wanted to
give an example of here's a problem it
could not solve in fact the app could
only solve about five out of 32
questions so there's still many problems
that could not solve and you still need
to learn math but this app will help you
I hope you liked this video please
subscribe to my channel you can get my
books listed on my website catch me on
my blog my near decisions
catch mind your decisions on Facebook
and Google+ you can also catch me at
pressure Locker on Twitter Instagram and
Tumblr and you can support me on patreon